Collected packages for downloading corpora

This is currently limited to the 32.8 million full text papers hosted by CORE (v.2022) from 10,744 providers.

For a given text, we begin by applying some simple cleaning which aims to extract the body text from the full text (i.e. the text given before '
References', 'Supplementary material', 'Conflict of
interest' and 'Acknowledgments' headings) and then cleans the text by removing any punctuation (except hybrid characters "×" and "+"), setting all
letters to lower case and single-spacing all whitespace. With this body text, we then search for mentions of keywords, described below. Given a
downloaded paper, the paper is included in the output if any of the above keywords appear in the paper text.

## Keywords

After the relevant datasets have been downloaded, we then filter them by sets of keywords.

Firstly, we get a set of manually created product-specific keywords e.g. 'medicine', 'drug'. These are extended by getting all varied word forms using
the Python nltk.corpus package. This generated list is then manually reviewed and any erroneous generated keywords are removed.

Secondly, we get a set of plant-specific keywords. These are manually generated and then extended with lifeform descriptions provided by WCVP. Again,
this is extended by getting all varied word forms using
the Python nltk.corpus package.

Finally, we get sets of plant name keywords. These are generated by taking all genus and family names (including synonyms) given in the WCVP as well
as all binomial taxon names of species (including hybrid characters).


[1] Petr Knoth et al., ‘CORE: A Global Aggregation Service for Open Access Papers’, Scientific Data 10, no. 1 (7 June 2023):
366, https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-023-02208-w.
[2] The authors acknowledge the Research/Scientific Computing teams at The James Hutton Institute and NIAB for providing computational resources and technical support for the
“UK’s Crop Diversity Bioinformatics HPC” (BBSRC grant BB/S019669/1), use of which has contributed to the results reported within this paper.